Update Ubuntu/Mint install instructions (#674)
cockpit-project/cockpit-project.github.io: running.md

{:.note}
These commands require a POSIX compatible shell like `bash`. For other shells like `fish`, temporarily run `bash -i`.

> Cockpit is available in all current Ubuntu releases, and available [as an official backport](https://help.ubuntu.com/community/UbuntuBackports) for LTS releases.

Reviewer: 16.04 is surely the last supported LTS release as well, no?  Could we say "all current Ubuntu releases, including all currently supported LTS releases"?

Reviewer 2: "Supported" could be interpreted as our own support, so I think we should avoid that, unless we find a clear way to say it. I agree that calling out LTS here would be redundant... and "current" would include LTS, IMO.

We could say "maintained" instead, or we could simplify it completely.

```suggestion
Cockpit is available in maintained Ubuntu releases, and available [as an official backport](https://help.ubuntu.com/community/UbuntuBackports) for LTS releases.
```

```suggestion
Cockpit is available in Ubuntu, with [updated versions in official backports for LTS releases](https://help.ubuntu.com/community/UbuntuBackports).
```

(I prefer something like this second suggestion. WDYT?)

Author: I actually just thought "let's just say Ubuntu". So fully agreed, I'll take the second suggestion. Thanks!
